well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
what's in a name we're going to talk
about what a naming tradition and a
discussion about a naming tradition can
teach us about our own discussions and
how sometimes we fail to make a an
accurate judgment about where the other
person is coming from and how if we're a
third party to a discussion we can
project our views into that discussion
and come away with a completely
inaccurate read intent is really
important in life I mean the effect is
normally more important but intent is
something that should be measured
there's a discussion that takes place a
lot in academic circles specifically
among among liberal academics and it
deals with a naming tradition and the
way gets framed assumes two things one
that an entire demographic thinks the
same way and a complete misunderstanding
of another culture doesn't sound like
something that would happen in liberal
academic circles right but it does okay
so the US has naming traditions what do
we name our ships after important places
people important battles important ideas
important being the key thing here
important ideas in case you're wondering
like mercy comfort those are two ships
people probably have at the front of
their mind right now what about our
tanks abrams bradley sherman important
military leaders people to be honored
what about our fixed-wing aircraft
Falcons Raptors Eagles something that
embodies the piece of equipment birds of
prey makes sense makes sense even drones
and drones are a good example because it
shows that it's not just a a broad
category that gets slapped onto a type
of equipment yep the famous ones
predator Reaper very accurate names for
those things you also have the hawk the
Global Hawk that names not like the
other ones because it has a different
mission it's a surveillance platform
flies around and looks down makes sense
what do we name our helicopters after
and this is generally speaking there are
exceptions to this but the army normally
names helicopters after native groups or
native leaders there is a lot of
discussion about this a lot of
discussion about this
to understand where it comes from we
need to go back to when it started
because there's this idea that it was
it's a way of mocking natives it's not
it was never meant to be like turning
them into a cartoonish mascot I'm gonna
paraphrase general howls right now he
took over when the US Army had two
helicopters and he's basically like you
named it the dragonfly and the hover fly
it's kind of boring names for the future
future of warfare this is going to allow
us to show up from out of nowhere hit
our opposition and then disappear it's
going to change everything we're going
to be able to emulate the tactics of the
Plains Indians the next helicopter was
named a Sioux from the very beginning it
was an acknowledgment that it took a
hundred years and a flying machine for
the US military to deliver the same
speed surprise and violence of action
that natives could deliver from
horseback never meant to be an insult
and the names are actually more fitting
than you might imagine
it's not like the army gets into the
helicopter and they're like slap a
native name on it it doesn't work that
way
most people are familiar with the
Blackhawk because of the movie Black
Hawk Down in that movie was the
helicopter Dilek taking warriors on a
raid right Black Hawk was a native
leader one of the things he was famous
for taking warriors on raids Chinook
huge aircraft two rotors up top creates
a whole lot of wind
might be interesting to google and see
the relationship between the word
chinook and wind if you had a piece of
equipment whose entire job was to show
up from out of nowhere and destroy
calves units armored calves but still
Apache would be a pretty fitting name
never meant to be an insult you can look
at the other naming traditions and
realize that when you were talking about
people it's always intended to be a huge
honor the other side of this is the idea
that all natives are against this that's
not true natives do not all think the
same way it's worth noting the most
recent addition to this long tradition
is the Lakota and when that helicopter
kind of made its debut the tribe from
Standing Rock Representatives from that
tribe were on hand to celebrate and
bless it it's not this discussion isn't
really taking place in the way it's
framed from outside we're projecting a
lot of our own opinions on to this
discussion there are a lot of natives
who are in the military who understand
you really don't get much higher of an
honor than having a major piece of
equipment named after you
so not all natives are opposed to this
some are absolutely and whether or not
this tradition should continue that's
certainly a valid discussion we're
entering a new age where it's less than
appropriate at times however I myself
would just seed my opinion and give my
vote to the people who are impacted by
it by the people who that equipment is
being named after I wouldn't try to
force my view on it
and I've seen a lot of really smart
people fall for the idea that the US
military is mocking natives and naming
their equipment after people that
they've conquered
as an insult was never meant to be that
way
intent is important and understanding
where the other person is coming from is
important we should remember that
because there are a lot of times when we
get involved in a discussion we are
passionate about something that we
forget to take into account where the
other people are coming from and we may
be closer to a resolution than we
imagine if we actually listen while we
talk anyway it's just a thought y'all
have a good night